# [Pilipinx Educational Attainment Survey (PEAS)](http://127.0.0.1:5500/PEAS/index.html)

# Table of Contents
* [Objective](https://github.com/rebeccaksuen/Educational-Attainment#objective)
* [Community](https://github.com/rebeccaksuen/Educational-Attainment/blob/master/readme.md#who-is-being-empowered)
* [Technology Used](https://github.com/rebeccaksuen/Educational-Attainment/blob/master/readme.md#technology-used)
* [Repurposing](https://github.com/rebeccaksuen/Educational-Attainment/blob/master/readme.md#repurposing)
* [Screenshots](https://github.com/rebeccaksuen/Educational-Attainment/blob/master/readme.md#screenshots)

# Objective
## Our project aims to empower Pilipinx students whose parents did not attend college by amplifying their voices as they raise issues they face relating to educational attainment. We are looking at how family support affects first-generation Pilipinx college students. According to the Daily Bruin, there have been decreases in UCLA minority student retention, including first-generation students. Because of UCLA’s strong Pilipinx community, and community discontentment with UCLA’s support in addressing retention needs, we chose to focus on Pilipinx first-generation students in particular. Therefore, we wanted to create a website where Pilipinx first-generation students feel comfortable sharing their narratives on how the level of family support they received in higher education has impacted them. In this way, we hope to uplift the voices of the first-generation Pilipinx students in our UCLA community, and listen to how their status of being Pilipinx and first-generation have affected their experiences and ability to succeed in higher education. Working with SPEAR, Samahang Pilipino Education and Retention, a student-initiated and student-run project at UCLA’s Student Retention Center, we hope to make it easier for SPEAR to be able to better understand the needs and experiences of their first-generation students. We also hope that this project helps to identify locations where resources may benefit first-generation Pilipinx youth in encouraging and helping them apply to college.

# Who is being empowered
## We want to empower Pilipinx students at UCLA whose parents did not receive a degree from a four-year higher education institution in the U.S. This project is meant to shed light on the issues that Pilipinx students who are first-generation face relating to family support. We hope that first-generation Pilipinx students at UCLA will use this website to find others in a similar situation and feel that they are not alone in their struggles, and that others in the UCLA and Pilipinx community can view the site and listen to their narratives. This includes how family support can influence logistical, financial, emotional factors for first-generation Pilipinx students–ultimately affecting these students’ ability to apply for college, and succeed in higher education. 


# Technology used
## For this project, we survey first-generation Pilipinx students using Google Forms. This data was organized in Google Sheets. For our webpage, we use open source software including Leaflet and Papaparse as well as HTML, Javascript, and CSS.

# Repurposing
## In the future, we hope that this resource will be developed upon and continue to be used by first-generation Pilipinx students at UCLA to advocate for more resources to support them in their journey through higher educastion. Additionally, we hope that SPEAR can utilize this resource to continue to listen to first-gen Pilipinx stories, including how they might remain the same or change over time with resources provided by SPEAR. We hope that the data collected can provide more insight on the community conditions relating to family support that many first-gen Pilipinx students face, and share our findings with SPEAR to uplift first-generation Pilipinx students by creating and bringing more resources that are more accessible to family members to help them better understand the college process (ie: pamphlets in foreign languages). Our map could also potentially be used to provide data and identify first-gen Pilipinx communities that could benefit from greater involvement from programs working towards educational attainment and aiding families with support. Students can also point out what struggles they face, and what kind of support they might want to receive. SPEAR can then use this data to work towards providing resources or raising awareness about resources catered towards first-generation students, or catered towards family members to help them better provide support for students.

# Screenshots
